Simplify project-slug guidance (#9074)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/contexts.adoc

[#restrict-a-context-to-a-security-group-or-groups]
=== Restrict a context to a security group or groups

> You must be an organization administrator, and your code must be integrated with CircleCI via the GitHub OAuth app to us esecurity group context restrictions.

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
You must be an organization administrator, and your code must be integrated with CircleCI via the GitHub OAuth app to use security group context restrictions.
```

Reviewer: Or even:
```suggestion
To use security group context restrictions you must be an organization administrator, and your code must be integrated with CircleCI via the GitHub OAuth app.
```

> include::../_includes/partials/notes/standalone-unsupported.adoc[This feature is not supported for GitLab, GitHub App or Bitbucket Data Center]

Author: I'm removing the snippet here and ticking with a caution that you need GitHub OAuth for this feature specifically. I think it's specific to GitHub security groups so no path to support for bitbucket
